## Meeting 03.26.15
Erik, Tim, Jake, Jameson, Andrea, Caleb, Mike, AMV

* Decrease page load time

### CAPS, GS, Seminary Programs
* Site images -- Schedule 2 hours for pulling caps, gs, seminary photos (Cheryl, Darin, Tim, Jake, Erik, AnnMarie)
* Audit the caps/gs sites
* Faculty pages -- make sure they're setup and pulling the right faculty
* Publish all caps/gs academic pages to staging for final proof (reassign jobs to Tim to wait for data)
* Mike to schedule a meeting for detailing a block for Jame-o to enter info and Jake to style
* Can the checklist items in Banner have links? 

### Left Hand Nav
* Since responsive launch, we need to publish whole site for left hand nav updates
* Can left hand nav be PHP? @e-jameson @c-schwarze
