## Meeting 03.30.15
Erik, Tim, Jame-o, Mike, AMV

### Adult Programs
* Faculty Bios
     * Missing areas of expertise
     * Talk to Annette Abel to have her contact faculty to update their bios
* Banner info
     * AMV and Jame-o create a block for program data
     * Have something to proof by the end of this week
* Caleb is looking at proof point and quote collections code

### Left Hand Nav
* Jame-o thinks PHP may not work or may be a lot of work
* Caleb will look at in the next week (low priority)

### Redirects
* Should we put expiration dates in? - Marcel says yes. Mike wanted an expiration date field though.

### Video in feature
* Erik will put a video in a feature zone and send it to Jake for styling
* Not just a moving picture - how would we play something like the covenant video in that space?

### Image Optimization
* Can we automate this?
* Even if we automate this, we still need web authors to manually do it
* We're talking about this at our next meetup and will continue to bring it up
* Any backend things we can do with Thumbor?
     * We can have a custom compressor
     * Eric will look into it
* Mike has to talk to Mooney about adding a custom repository (this will help with page load speed!)

### April Fools
* Mike will talk to Randy

### Soda testing grid
* Finish testing things that were updated and clean up the grid

### Search Page
* Mike is looking into this to decide what top links should live on this page
